Hello and welcome back to the course on augmented random search.
This is Carol Eremenko.
And in today's tutorial we're going to discuss the plan of attack for this intuition section of the
course.
So is dicer into it.
And this section will learn the following things.
First of all we're going to have a tutorial with an overview of augmented random search.
In fact this is going to be a great tutorial for anybody who has no prior experience with artificial
intelligence and we'll help you get up to speed with everything that we're going to be discussing further
down then we'll talk about the perception and we'll find out what it is and how it works and how it's
related to the arrest algorithm.
We'll talk about maximizing rewards and understand the principle or the main mechanic of how the augmented
random of search algorithm or any artificial intelligence for that matter actually is able to learn
from its interactions with the environment.
Then we'll talk about the method of finite differences and the method of finding differences is the
method that resides at the heart of a virus.
And also in is eternal you find out why the augmented random searches actually called a random search.
It is an advanced tutorial.
It is a bit more complex than the rest of them.
So be prepared that there will be it will be a bit longer and it will be a bit harder to get your head
around.
But nevertheless we're going to power through it and you will understand everything by the end of it.
In any case then we will move on to understanding the augmented component of Erris.
So why is it actually called augmented random search and just random search.
What are the new introductions new ideas that were introduced in Erris.
And finally we'll talk about Erris and other artificial intelligence algorithms.
So Will how a comparison of the main distinct features of one versus the other in order for us to be
better versed in these terms in these in the way these things work and be more prepared for conversations
we might have about Arison other artificial intelligence algorithms and just have a better understanding
of why Erris actually stands out among the crowd.
So we go that's our plan of attack for this section.
I hope you're as excited as I am about the upcoming tutorials and without further ado let's dive straight
into it and learn everything about augmented random search.
I look forward to seeing you on the equitorial.
And until then enjoy AI.